Auntie, you are amazing
Made so much delicious in less than an hour
Little girl, you are also amazing
So talkative
Auntie, what kind of work do you usually do?
I haven't heard Chu Chu say it before
I usually do crafts
Although I don't earn much
But solid
Auntie, you have worked hard
Nothing, little girl, where are your parents?
My parents are dead, girl
Sorry, sorry.
I didn't mean to.
It's okay. It's okay.
What are you sorry for?
Secretary Su, you won't bully Auntie, will you?
Mom, is this woman bullying you?
You tell me, I'll ask the junior to call it.
Okay, okay, okay, okay
Let's all sit down and eat
That Miss Su looks very nice
I think you are a good man, right?
He is Da Sun's secretary
Look for opportunities to rise at any time
I'm not going to give him this chance, am I?
Believe it or not?
One day he has not yet succeeded
Kicked us both out
Some of you cry
Chu Chu, don't misunderstand
That's not what I meant.
My heart must be towards you
Don't say another word.
I don't want to hear it.
I'm going out.
You need to find someone